# $FreeBSD: src/sys/conf/files,v 1.340.2.137 2003/06/04 17:10:30 sam Exp $
# $DragonFly: src/sys/conf/files,v 1.56 2004/03/12 22:38:14 joerg Exp $
#
# The long compile-with and dependency lines are required because of
# limitations in config: backslash-newline doesn't work in strings, and
# dependency lines other than the first are silently ignored.
#
aicasm				optional ahc				   \
	dependency 	"$S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aicasm/*.[chyl]"		   \
	compile-with	"${MAKE} -f $S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aicasm/Makefile MAKESRCPATH=$S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aicasm" \
	no-obj no-implicit-rule						   \
	clean		"aicasm* y.tab.h"
aicasm				optional ahd			  	   \
	dependency 	"$S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aicasm/*.[chyl]"		   \
	compile-with	"${MAKE} -f $S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aicasm/Makefile MAKESRCPATH=$S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aicasm" \
	no-obj no-implicit-rule						   \
	clean		"aicasm* y.tab.h"
aic7xxx_{seq.h,reg.h,reg_print.c}	optional ahc			   \
	compile-with	"./aicasm ${INCLUDES} -I$S/bus/cam/scsi -I$S/dev/disk/aic7xxx -o aic7xxx_seq.h -r aic7xxx_reg.h -p aic7xxx_reg_print.c -i $S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic7xxx_osm.h $S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic7xxx.seq"   \
	no-obj no-implicit-rule before-depend				   \
	clean		"aic7xxx_seq.h aic7xxx_reg.h aic7xxx_reg_print.c"  \
	dependency	"$S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic7xxx.{reg,seq} $S/bus/cam/scsi/scsi_message.h aicasm"
aic7xxx_reg_print.o		optional ahc ahc_reg_pretty_print	\
	compile-with	"${NORMAL_C}"					\
	no-implicit-rule local
aic79xx_{seq.h,reg.h,reg_print.c}	optional ahd pci		   \
	compile-with	"./aicasm ${INCLUDES} -I$S/bus/cam/scsi -I$S/dev/disk/aic7xxx -o aic79xx_seq.h -r aic79xx_reg.h -p aic79xx_reg_print.c -i $S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic79xx_osm.h $S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic79xx.seq"   \
	no-obj no-implicit-rule before-depend				   \
	clean		"aic79xx_seq.h aic79xx_reg.h aic79xx_reg_print.c"  \
	dependency	"$S/dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic79xx.{reg,seq} $S/bus/cam/scsi/scsi_message.h aicasm"
aic79xx_reg_print.o		optional ahd pci ahd_reg_pretty_print	\
	compile-with	"${NORMAL_C}"					\
	no-implicit-rule local
kern/device_if.m			standard
kern/bus_if.m				standard
vfs/coda/coda_namecache.c		optional vcoda
vfs/coda/coda_fbsd.c			optional vcoda
vfs/coda/coda_psdev.c			optional vcoda
vfs/coda/coda_subr.c			optional vcoda
vfs/coda/coda_venus.c			optional vcoda
vfs/coda/coda_vfsops.c			optional vcoda
vfs/coda/coda_vnops.c			optional vcoda
bus/cam/cam.c				optional scbus
bus/cam/cam_xpt.c			optional scbus
bus/cam/cam_extend.c			optional scbus
bus/cam/cam_queue.c			optional scbus
bus/cam/cam_periph.c			optional scbus
bus/cam/cam_sim.c			optional scbus
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_all.c			optional scbus
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_da.c			optional da
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_pt.c			optional pt
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_sa.c			optional sa
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_cd.c			optional cd
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_ch.c			optional ch
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_low.c			optional ct
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_low.c			optional ncv
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_low.c			optional nsp
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_low.c			optional stg
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_low_pisa.c		optional ct
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_low_pisa.c		optional ncv
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_low_pisa.c		optional nsp
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_low_pisa.c		optional stg
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_pass.c		optional pass
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_ses.c			optional ses
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_target.c		optional targ
bus/cam/scsi/scsi_targ_bh.c		optional targbh
contrib/dev/acpica/dbcmds.c     optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dbdisply.c   optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dbexec.c     optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dbfileio.c   optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dbhistry.c   optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dbinput.c    optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dbstats.c    optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dbutils.c    optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dbxface.c    optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dmbuffer.c   optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dmnames.c    optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dmopcode.c   optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dmresrc.c    optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dmresrcl.c   optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dmresrcs.c   optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dmutils.c    optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dmwalk.c     optional acpica acpi_debug
contrib/dev/acpica/dsfield.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dsinit.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dsmethod.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dsmthdat.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dsobject.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dsopcode.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dsutils.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dswexec.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dswload.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dswscope.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/dswstate.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evevent.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evgpe.c      optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evgpeblk.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evmisc.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evregion.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evrgnini.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evsci.c      optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evxface.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evxfevnt.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/evxfregn.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exconfig.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exconvrt.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/excreate.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exdump.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exfield.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exfldio.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exmisc.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exmutex.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exnames.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exoparg1.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exoparg2.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exoparg3.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exoparg6.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exprep.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exregion.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exresnte.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exresolv.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exresop.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exstore.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exstoren.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exstorob.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exsystem.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/exutils.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/hwacpi.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/hwgpe.c      optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/hwregs.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/hwsleep.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/hwtimer.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsaccess.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsalloc.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsdump.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nseval.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsinit.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsload.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsnames.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsobject.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsparse.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nssearch.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsutils.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nswalk.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsxfeval.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsxfname.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/nsxfobj.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/psargs.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/psopcode.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/psparse.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/psscope.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/pstree.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/psutils.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/pswalk.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/psxface.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rsaddr.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rscalc.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rscreate.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rsdump.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rsio.c       optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rsirq.c      optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rslist.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rsmemory.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rsmisc.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rsutils.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/rsxface.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/tbconvrt.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/tbget.c      optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/tbgetall.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/tbinstal.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/tbrsdt.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/tbutils.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/tbxface.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/tbxfroot.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utalloc.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utclib.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utcopy.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utdebug.c    optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utdelete.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/uteval.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utglobal.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utinit.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utmath.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utmisc.c     optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utobject.c   optional acpica
contrib/dev/acpica/utxface.c    optional acpica

contrib/ipfilter/netinet/fil.c		optional ipfilter inet
contrib/ipfilter/netinet/ip_auth.c	optional ipfilter inet
contrib/ipfilter/netinet/ip_fil.c	optional ipfilter inet
contrib/ipfilter/netinet/ip_frag.c	optional ipfilter inet
contrib/ipfilter/netinet/ip_log.c	optional ipfilter inet
contrib/ipfilter/netinet/ip_nat.c	optional ipfilter inet
contrib/ipfilter/netinet/ip_proxy.c	optional ipfilter inet
contrib/ipfilter/netinet/ip_state.c	optional ipfilter inet
contrib/ipfilter/netinet/mlfk_ipl.c	optional ipfilter inet
crypto/blowfish/bf_skey.c		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
crypto/cast128/cast128.c		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
crypto/des/des_ecb.c			optional ipsec ipsec_esp
crypto/des/des_setkey.c			optional ipsec ipsec_esp
crypto/rijndael/rijndael-alg-fst.c	optional ipsec ipsec_esp
crypto/rijndael/rijndael-api-fst.c	optional ipsec ipsec_esp
crypto/sha1.c				optional ipsec
crypto/sha2/sha2.c			optional ipsec
ddb/db_access.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_kld.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_break.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_command.c			optional ddb
ddb/db_examine.c			optional ddb
ddb/db_expr.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_input.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_lex.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_output.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_print.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_ps.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_run.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_sym.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_sysctl.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_trap.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_variables.c			optional ddb
ddb/db_watch.c				optional ddb
ddb/db_write_cmd.c			optional ddb
dev/raid/aac/aac.c			optional aac
#dev/raid/aac/aac_debug.c		optional aac
dev/raid/aac/aac_disk.c			optional aac
dev/raid/aac/aac_pci.c			optional aac pci
dev/raid/aac/aac_linux.c		optional aac compat_linux
dev/raid/aac/aac_cam.c			optional aacp aac

dev/acpica/acpi.c              optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpica_support.c    optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_acad.c         optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_battery.c      optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_button.c       optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_cmbat.c                optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_cpu.c          optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_ec.c           optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_lid.c          optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_powerres.c     optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_resource.c     optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_thermal.c      optional acpica
dev/acpica/acpi_timer.c                optional acpica
dev/acpica/Osd/OsdDebug.c      optional acpica
dev/acpica/Osd/OsdHardware.c   optional acpica
dev/acpica/Osd/OsdInterrupt.c  optional acpica
dev/acpica/Osd/OsdMemory.c     optional acpica
dev/acpica/Osd/OsdSchedule.c   optional acpica
dev/acpica/Osd/OsdStream.c     optional acpica
dev/acpica/Osd/OsdSynch.c      optional acpica
dev/acpica/Osd/OsdTable.c      optional acpica

dev/pccard/pccbb/pccbb.c		optional cbb
dev/pccard/cardbus/cardbus.c		optional cardbus
dev/pccard/cardbus/cardbus_cis.c	optional cardbus
dev/pccard/exca/exca.c			optional cbb
dev/pccard/pcic/i82365.c		optional pcic pccard
dev/pccard/pcic/i82365_isa.c		optional pcic pccard isa

dev/disk/advansys/adv_eisa.c		optional adv eisa
dev/disk/advansys/adv_pci.c		optional adv pci
dev/disk/advansys/advansys.c		optional adv
dev/disk/advansys/advlib.c		optional adv
dev/disk/advansys/advmcode.c		optional adv
dev/disk/advansys/adw_pci.c		optional adw pci
dev/disk/advansys/adwcam.c		optional adw
dev/disk/advansys/adwlib.c		optional adw
dev/disk/advansys/adwmcode.c		optional adw
dev/netif/an/if_an.c			optional an
dev/netif/an/if_an_isa.c		optional an isa
dev/netif/an/if_an_pci.c		optional an pci
dev/netif/an/if_an_pccard.c		optional an pccard
dev/netif/ar/if_ar.c			optional ar
dev/netif/ar/if_ar_pci.c		optional ar pci
dev/raid/asr/asr.c			optional asr pci
dev/disk/ata/ata-all.c			optional ata
dev/disk/ata/ata-isa.c			optional ata isa
dev/disk/ata/ata-card.c			optional ata pccard
dev/disk/ata/ata-pci.c			optional ata pci
dev/disk/ata/ata-dma.c			optional ata pci
dev/disk/ata/ata-disk.c			optional atadisk
dev/disk/ata/ata-raid.c			optional atadisk
dev/disk/ata/atapi-all.c		optional atapicd
dev/disk/ata/atapi-all.c		optional atapifd
dev/disk/ata/atapi-all.c		optional atapist
dev/disk/ata/atapi-all.c		optional atapicam
dev/disk/ata/atapi-cd.c			optional atapicd
dev/disk/ata/atapi-fd.c			optional atapifd
dev/disk/ata/atapi-tape.c		optional atapist
dev/disk/ata/atapi-cam.c		optional atapicam
dev/raid/amr/amr_cam.c			optional amr
dev/raid/amr/amr_disk.c			optional amr
dev/raid/amr/amr_pci.c			optional amr
dev/raid/amr/amr.c			optional amr
dev/disk/aha/aha.c			optional aha
dev/disk/aha/aha_isa.c			optional aha isa
dev/disk/aha/aha_mca.c			optional aha mca
dev/disk/ahb/ahb.c			optional ahb eisa
dev/disk/aic/aic.c			optional aic
dev/disk/aic/aic_pccard.c		optional aic pccard
dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic7770.c		optional ahc eisa
dev/disk/aic7xxx/ahc_eisa.c		optional ahc eisa
#dev/disk/aic7xxx/ahc_isa.c		optional ahc isa
dev/disk/aic7xxx/ahc_pci.c		optional ahc pci
dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic7xxx.c		optional ahc
dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic7xxx_93cx6.c	optional ahc
dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic7xxx_osm.c		optional ahc
dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic7xxx_pci.c		optional ahc pci
dev/disk/aic7xxx/ahd_pci.c		optional ahd pci
dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic79xx.c		optional ahd pci
dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic79xx_osm.c		optional ahd pci
dev/disk/aic7xxx/aic79xx_pci.c		optional ahd pci
dev/netif/bfe/if_bfe.c			optional bfe
dev/netif/bge/if_bge.c			optional bge
dev/disk/buslogic/bt.c			optional bt
dev/disk/buslogic/bt_isa.c		optional bt isa
dev/disk/buslogic/bt_mca.c		optional bt mca
dev/disk/buslogic/bt_eisa.c		optional bt eisa
dev/disk/buslogic/bt_pci.c		optional bt pci
dev/disk/ccd/ccd.c			optional ccd
dev/raid/ciss/ciss.c			optional ciss
dev/netif/cm/smc90cx6.c			optional cm
dev/netif/cs/if_cs.c			optional cs
dev/netif/cs/if_cs_isa.c		optional cs isa
dev/netif/cs/if_cs_pccard.c	optional cs pccard
#dev/raid/dpt/dpt_control.c	optional dpt
dev/raid/dpt/dpt_scsi.c	optional dpt
dev/raid/dpt/dpt_eisa.c	optional dpt eisa
dev/raid/dpt/dpt_pci.c	optional dpt pci
dev/netif/ed/if_ed.c		optional ed
dev/netif/ed/if_ed_pccard.c	optional ed pccard
dev/netif/ed/if_ed_pci.c	optional ed pci
dev/netif/ep/if_ep.c		optional ep
dev/netif/ep/if_ep_isa.c	optional ep isa
dev/netif/ep/if_ep_eisa.c	optional ep eisa
dev/netif/ep/if_ep_mca.c	optional ep mca
dev/netif/ep/if_ep_pccard.c	optional ep pccard
dev/atm/en/midway.c		optional en
dev/netif/ex/if_ex.c		optional ex
dev/netif/ex/if_ex_isa.c	optional ex isa
dev/netif/ex/if_ex_pccard.c	optional ex pccard
dev/netif/fe/if_fe.c		optional fe
dev/netif/fe/if_fe_pccard.c	optional fe pccard
bus/firewire/firewire.c		optional firewire
bus/firewire/fwcrom.c		optional firewire
bus/firewire/fwdev.c		optional firewire
bus/firewire/fwdma.c		optional firewire
bus/firewire/fwmem.c		optional firewire
bus/firewire/fwohci.c		optional firewire
bus/firewire/fwohci_pci.c	optional firewire pci
dev/netif/fwe/if_fwe.c		optional fwe
dev/disk/sbp/sbp.c		optional sbp
dev/netif/fxp/if_fxp.c		optional fxp
dev/netif/gx/if_gx.c		optional gx
dev/atm/hea/eni.c		optional hea
dev/atm/hea/eni_buffer.c	optional hea
dev/atm/hea/eni_globals.c	optional hea
dev/atm/hea/eni_if.c		optional hea
dev/atm/hea/eni_init.c		optional hea
dev/atm/hea/eni_intr.c		optional hea
dev/atm/hea/eni_receive.c	optional hea
dev/atm/hea/eni_transmit.c	optional hea
dev/atm/hea/eni_vcm.c		optional hea
dev/atm/hfa/fore_buffer.c	optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_command.c	optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_globals.c	optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_if.c		optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_init.c		optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_intr.c		optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_load.c		optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_output.c	optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_receive.c	optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_stats.c	optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_timer.c	optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_transmit.c	optional hfa
dev/atm/hfa/fore_vcm.c		optional hfa
dev/netif/ie/if_ie.c		optional ie isa
dev/powermng/ichsmb/ichsmb.c	optional ichsmb
dev/powermng/ichsmb/ichsmb_pci.c	optional ichsmb pci
dev/raid/ida/ida.c		optional ida
dev/raid/ida/ida_disk.c	optional ida
dev/raid/ida/ida_eisa.c	optional ida eisa
dev/raid/ida/ida_pci.c	optional ida pci
dev/disk/isp/isp_freebsd.c	optional isp
dev/disk/isp/isp.c		optional isp
dev/disk/isp/isp_pci.c	optional isp
dev/disk/isp/isp_target.c	optional isp
dev/disk/ispfw/ispfw.c	optional ispfw
dev/raid/iir/iir.c		optional iir
dev/raid/iir/iir_ctrl.c	optional iir
dev/raid/iir/iir_pci.c	optional iir pci
dev/netif/lge/if_lge.c	optional lge
bus/mca/mca_bus.c	optional mca
dev/disk/md/md.c		optional md
dev/netif/mii_layer/mii.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/mii_physubr.c	optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/ukphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/ukphy_subr.c	optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/amphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/brgphy.c	optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/dcphy.c		optional miibus pci
dev/netif/mii_layer/e1000phy.c	optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/exphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/inphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/mlphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/nsphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/nsgphy.c	optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/pnphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/pnaphy.c	optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/tlphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/rlphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/xmphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/lxtphy.c	optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/qsphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/acphy.c		optional miibus
dev/netif/mii_layer/miibus_if.m		optional miibus
dev/raid/mlx/mlx_disk.c		optional mlx
dev/raid/mlx/mlx_pci.c		optional mlx
dev/raid/mlx/mlx.c		optional mlx
dev/raid/mly/mly.c		optional mly
dev/raid/mly/mly_cam.c		optional mly
dev/raid/mly/mly_pci.c		optional mly
dev/disk/mpt/mpt.c		optional mpt
dev/disk/mpt/mpt_debug.c	optional mpt
dev/disk/mpt/mpt_freebsd.c	optional mpt
dev/disk/mpt/mpt_pci.c		optional mpt
dev/netif/my/if_my.c		optional my
dev/misc/musycc/musycc.c	optional musycc
dev/disk/ncv/ncr53c500.c	optional ncv
dev/disk/ncv/ncr53c500_pccard.c	optional ncv pccard
dev/netif/nge/if_nge.c		optional nge
dev/misc/nmdm/nmdm.c		optional nmdm
dev/disk/nsp/nsp.c		optional nsp
dev/disk/nsp/nsp_pccard.c	optional nsp pccard
dev/netif/fea/if_fea.c			optional fea eisa
dev/netif/fpa/if_fpa.c			optional fpa pci
dev/netif/pdq_layer/pdq.c		optional fea eisa
dev/netif/pdq_layer/pdq_ifsubr.c	optional fea eisa
dev/netif/pdq_layer/pdq.c		optional fpa pci
dev/netif/pdq_layer/pdq_ifsubr.c	optional fpa pci
bus/ppbus/ppbus_if.m		optional ppbus
dev/disk/vpo/immio.c	optional vpo
dev/netif/plip/if_plip.c	optional plip
dev/misc/lpbb/lpbb.c	optional lpbb
dev/misc/lpt/lpt.c		optional lpt
dev/misc/pcfclock/pcfclock.c	optional pcfclock
bus/ppbus/ppb_base.c	optional ppbus
bus/ppbus/ppb_1284.c	optional ppbus
bus/ppbus/ppb_msq.c	optional ppbus
bus/ppbus/ppbconf.c	optional ppbus
dev/misc/ppi/ppi.c		optional ppi
dev/misc/pps/pps.c		optional pps
dev/disk/vpo/vpo.c		optional vpo
dev/disk/vpo/vpoio.c	optional vpo
dev/netif/ray/if_ray.c        optional ray pccard
dev/crypto/rndtest/rndtest.c	optional rndtest
dev/serial/rp/rp.c		optional nrp
dev/serial/rp/rp_isa.c		optional nrp isa
dev/serial/rp/rp_pci.c		optional nrp pci
dev/netif/sbni/if_sbni_pci.c	optional sbni pci
dev/netif/sbsh/if_sbsh.c	optional sbsh
bus/smbus/smbus_if.m		optional smbus
bus/smbus/smbconf.c		optional smbus
bus/smbus/smbus.c		optional smbus
bus/smbus/smb.c			optional smb
dev/serial/si/si.c		optional si
dev/serial/si/si2_z280.c	optional si
dev/serial/si/si3_t225.c	optional si
dev/serial/si/si_eisa.c	optional si eisa
dev/serial/si/si_isa.c		optional si isa
dev/serial/si/si_pci.c		optional si pci
dev/netif/sn/if_sn.c		optional sn
dev/netif/sn/if_sn_isa.c	optional sn isa
dev/netif/sn/if_sn_pccard.c	optional sn pccard
dev/misc/snp/snp.c		optional snp
dev/netif/sr/if_sr.c		optional sr
dev/netif/sr/if_sr_pci.c	optional sr pci
dev/disk/stg/tmc18c30.c	optional stg
dev/disk/stg/tmc18c30_isa.c	optional stg isa
dev/disk/stg/tmc18c30_pccard.c	optional stg pccard
bus/iicbus/iicbb.c	optional iicbb
bus/iicbus/iicbb_if.m		optional iicbb
bus/iicbus/iicsmb.c		optional iicsmb
bus/iicbus/iicbus_if.m		optional iicbus
bus/iicbus/iiconf.c	optional iicbus
bus/iicbus/iicbus.c	optional iicbus
bus/iicbus/iic.c	optional iic
dev/netif/ic/if_ic.c	optional ic
dev/disk/trm/trm.c		optional trm
dev/raid/twe/twe.c			optional twe
dev/raid/twe/twe_freebsd.c		optional twe
dev/netif/tx/if_tx.c			optional tx
dev/netif/txp/if_txp.c		optional txp
dev/raid/vinum/vinum.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumconfig.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumdaemon.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinuminterrupt.c	optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumio.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumioctl.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumlock.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinummemory.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumparser.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumraid5.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumrequest.c	optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumrevive.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumstate.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/vinum/vinumutil.c		optional vinum
dev/raid/ips/ips.c			optional ips
dev/raid/ips/ips_commands.c		optional ips
dev/raid/ips/ips_disk.c			optional ips
dev/raid/ips/ips_ioctl.c		optional ips
dev/raid/ips/ips_pci.c			optional ips
dev/disk/vn/vn.c			optional vn
dev/netif/vx/if_vx.c			optional vx
dev/netif/vx/if_vx_eisa.c		optional vx eisa
dev/netif/vx/if_vx_pci.c		optional vx pci
dev/netif/wi/if_wi.c			optional wi
dev/netif/wi/if_wi_pccard.c		optional wi pccard
dev/netif/wi/if_wi_pci.c		optional wi pci
dev/netif/wi/wi_hostap.c		optional wi
dev/netif/xe/if_xe.c			optional xe pccard
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_alloc.c		optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_balloc.c	optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_inode.c		optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_inode_cnv.c	optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_linux_balloc.c	optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_linux_ialloc.c	optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_lookup.c	optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_subr.c		optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_vfsops.c	optional ext2fs
vfs/gnu/ext2fs/ext2_vnops.c		optional ext2fs
#
# isdn4bsd device drivers
#
net/i4b/driver/i4b_trace.c		optional i4btrc
net/i4b/driver/i4b_rbch.c		optional i4brbch
net/i4b/driver/i4b_tel.c		optional i4btel
net/i4b/driver/i4b_ipr.c		optional i4bipr
net/i4b/driver/i4b_ctl.c		optional i4bctl
net/i4b/driver/i4b_ing.c		optional i4bing
net/i4b/driver/i4b_isppp.c		optional i4bisppp
#
# isdn4bsd CAPI driver
#
net/i4b/capi/capi_l4if.c		optional i4bcapi
net/i4b/capi/capi_llif.c		optional i4bcapi
net/i4b/capi/capi_msgs.c		optional i4bcapi
#
# isdn4bsd AVM B1/T1 CAPI driver
#
net/i4b/capi/iavc/iavc_pci.c	optional iavc
net/i4b/capi/iavc/iavc_isa.c	optional iavc
net/i4b/capi/iavc/iavc_lli.c	optional iavc
net/i4b/capi/iavc/iavc_card.c	optional iavc
#
# isdn4bsd support
#
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_mbuf.c		optional i4btrc
#
# isdn4bsd Q.921 handler
#
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_l2.c		optional i4bq921
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_l2fsm.c		optional i4bq921
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_uframe.c		optional i4bq921
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_tei.c		optional i4bq921
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_sframe.c		optional i4bq921
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_iframe.c		optional i4bq921
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_l2timer.c	optional i4bq921
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_util.c		optional i4bq921
net/i4b/layer2/i4b_lme.c		optional i4bq921
#
# isdn4bsd Q.931 handler
#
net/i4b/layer3/i4b_q931.c		optional i4bq931
net/i4b/layer3/i4b_l3fsm.c		optional i4bq931
net/i4b/layer3/i4b_l3timer.c	optional i4bq931
net/i4b/layer3/i4b_l2if.c		optional i4bq931
net/i4b/layer3/i4b_l4if.c		optional i4bq931
net/i4b/layer3/i4b_q932fac.c	optional i4bq931
#
# isdn4bsd control device driver, interface to isdnd
#
net/i4b/layer4/i4b_i4bdrv.c		optional i4b
net/i4b/layer4/i4b_l4.c		optional i4b
net/i4b/layer4/i4b_l4mgmt.c		optional i4b
net/i4b/layer4/i4b_l4timer.c	optional i4b
#
vfs/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_bmap.c	optional cd9660
vfs/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_lookup.c	optional cd9660
vfs/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_node.c	optional cd9660
vfs/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_rrip.c	optional cd9660
vfs/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_util.c	optional cd9660
vfs/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_vfsops.c	optional cd9660
vfs/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_vnops.c	optional cd9660
vfs/udf/osta.c			optional udf
vfs/udf/udf_vfsops.c		optional udf
vfs/udf/udf_vnops.c		optional udf
kern/imgact_aout.c	standard
kern/imgact_elf.c	standard
kern/imgact_resident.c	standard
kern/imgact_gzip.c	optional gzip
kern/imgact_shell.c	standard
kern/inflate.c		optional gzip
kern/init_main.c	standard
kern/init_sysent.c	standard
kern/kern_intr.c	standard
kern/kern_varsym.c	standard
kern/kern_module.c	standard
kern/kern_linker.c	standard
kern/link_aout.c	standard
kern/link_elf.c		standard
kern/kern_acct.c	standard
kern/kern_acl.c		standard
kern/kern_clock.c	standard
kern/kern_conf.c	standard
kern/kern_debug.c	standard
kern/kern_device.c	standard
kern/kern_descrip.c	standard
kern/kern_fp.c		standard
kern/kern_environment.c	standard
kern/kern_event.c	standard
kern/kern_exec.c	standard
kern/kern_exit.c	standard
kern/kern_fork.c	standard
kern/kern_jail.c	standard
kern/kern_kthread.c	standard
kern/kern_ktrace.c	standard
kern/kern_lock.c	standard
kern/kern_lockf.c	standard
kern/kern_mib.c		standard
kern/kern_ntptime.c	standard
kern/kern_physio.c	standard
kern/kern_poll.c	optional device_polling
kern/kern_proc.c	standard
kern/kern_prot.c	standard
kern/kern_random.c	standard
kern/kern_resource.c	standard
kern/kern_slaballoc.c	standard
kern/kern_systimer.c	standard
kern/kern_mpipe.c	standard
kern/kern_shutdown.c	standard
kern/kern_sig.c		standard
kern/kern_upcall.c	standard
kern/kern_sfbuf.c	standard
kern/kern_subr.c	standard
kern/kern_switch.c	standard
kern/lwkt_thread.c	standard
kern/lwkt_ipiq.c	standard
kern/lwkt_token.c	standard
kern/lwkt_msgport.c	standard
kern/lwkt_rwlock.c	standard
kern/lwkt_caps.c	standard
kern/kern_synch.c	standard
kern/kern_syscalls.c	standard
kern/kern_sysctl.c	standard
kern/kern_time.c	standard
kern/kern_timeout.c	standard
kern/kern_xxx.c		standard
kern/md5c.c		standard
kern/subr_autoconf.c	standard
kern/subr_bus.c		standard
kern/subr_devstat.c	standard
kern/subr_disk.c	standard
kern/subr_diskslice.c	standard
kern/subr_eventhandler.c	standard
kern/subr_kobj.c	standard
kern/subr_log.c		standard
kern/libmchain/subr_mchain.c	optional libmchain
kern/subr_module.c	standard
kern/subr_param.c	standard
kern/subr_power.c	standard
# XXX drhodus
kern/subr_prf.c		standard
kern/subr_prof.c	standard
kern/subr_blist.c	standard
kern/subr_sbuf.c	standard
kern/subr_scanf.c	standard
kern/subr_taskqueue.c	standard
kern/subr_xxx.c		standard
kern/sys_generic.c	standard
kern/sys_pipe.c		standard
kern/sys_process.c	standard
kern/subr_rman.c	standard
kern/sys_socket.c	standard
kern/sysv_ipc.c		standard
kern/sysv_msg.c		optional sysvmsg
kern/sysv_sem.c		optional sysvsem
kern/sysv_shm.c		optional sysvshm
kern/tty.c		standard
kern/tty_compat.c	standard
kern/tty_conf.c		standard
kern/tty_cons.c		standard
kern/tty_pty.c		optional pty
kern/tty_subr.c		standard
kern/tty_tty.c		standard
kern/uipc_accf.c	optional inet
kern/uipc_domain.c	standard
kern/uipc_mbuf.c	standard
kern/uipc_mbuf2.c	standard
kern/uipc_msg.c		standard
kern/uipc_proto.c	standard
kern/uipc_socket.c	standard
kern/uipc_socket2.c	standard
kern/uipc_syscalls.c	standard
kern/uipc_usrreq.c	standard
kern/vfs_bio.c		standard
kern/vfs_cache.c	standard
kern/vfs_cluster.c	standard
kern/vfs_conf.c		standard
kern/vfs_default.c	standard
kern/vfs_init.c		standard
kern/vfs_lookup.c	standard
kern/vfs_subr.c		standard
kern/vfs_syscalls.c	standard
kern/vfs_vnops.c	standard
kern/kern_threads.c	standard
kern/vfs_aio.c		standard
vfs/deadfs/dead_vnops.c	standard
vfs/fdesc/fdesc_vfsops.c	optional fdesc
vfs/fdesc/fdesc_vnops.c	optional fdesc
vfs/fifofs/fifo_vnops.c	standard
vfs/nullfs/null_subr.c	optional nullfs
vfs/nullfs/null_vfsops.c	optional nullfs
vfs/nullfs/null_vnops.c	optional nullfs
vfs/portal/portal_vfsops.c	optional portal
vfs/portal/portal_vnops.c	optional portal
vfs/procfs/procfs_ctl.c	optional procfs
vfs/procfs/procfs_dbregs.c	standard
vfs/procfs/procfs_fpregs.c	standard
vfs/procfs/procfs_map.c	optional procfs
vfs/procfs/procfs_mem.c	standard
vfs/procfs/procfs_note.c	optional procfs
vfs/procfs/procfs_regs.c	standard
vfs/procfs/procfs_status.c	optional procfs
vfs/procfs/procfs_subr.c	optional procfs
vfs/procfs/procfs_type.c	optional procfs
vfs/procfs/procfs_vfsops.c	optional procfs
vfs/procfs/procfs_vnops.c	optional procfs
vfs/procfs/procfs_rlimit.c	optional procfs
vfs/specfs/spec_vnops.c	standard
vfs/umapfs/umap_subr.c	optional umapfs
vfs/umapfs/umap_vfsops.c	optional umapfs
vfs/umapfs/umap_vnops.c	optional umapfs
vfs/union/union_subr.c	optional union
vfs/union/union_vfsops.c	optional union
vfs/union/union_vnops.c	optional union
vfs/msdosfs/msdosfs_conv.c		optional msdosfs
vfs/msdosfs/msdosfs_denode.c	optional msdosfs
vfs/msdosfs/msdosfs_fat.c		optional msdosfs
vfs/msdosfs/msdosfs_lookup.c	optional msdosfs
vfs/msdosfs/msdosfs_vfsops.c	optional msdosfs
vfs/msdosfs/msdosfs_vnops.c		optional msdosfs
vfs/ntfs/ntfs_vfsops.c		optional ntfs
vfs/ntfs/ntfs_vnops.c		optional ntfs
vfs/ntfs/ntfs_subr.c		optional ntfs
vfs/ntfs/ntfs_compr.c		optional ntfs
vfs/ntfs/ntfs_ihash.c		optional ntfs
net/bpf.c			standard
net/bpf_filter.c		optional bpf
net/bridge/bridge.c		optional bridge
net/bsd_comp.c			optional ppp_bsdcomp
#net/hostcache.c		standard
net/if.c			standard
net/if_arcsubr.c		optional arcnet
net/if_atmsubr.c		optional atm
net/disc/if_disc.c		optional disc
net/ef/if_ef.c			optional ef
net/if_ethersubr.c		optional ether
net/if_iso88025subr.c		optional token
net/faith/if_faith.c		optional faith
net/if_fddisubr.c		optional fddi
net/gif/if_gif.c		optional gif
net/gre/if_gre.c		optional gre
net/pfil.c			optional pfil_hooks
net/ppp_layer/slcompress.c	optional netgraph_vjc
net/ppp_layer/slcompress.c	optional ppp
net/ppp_layer/slcompress.c	optional sl
net/ppp_layer/slcompress.c	optional sppp
net/ppp_layer/slcompress.c	optional i4bisppp
net/ppp_layer/slcompress.c	optional i4bipr
net/ppp_layer/ppp_deflate.c	optional ppp_deflate
net/ppp_layer/ppp_tty.c		optional ppp
net/if_loop.c		optional loop
net/if_media.c		standard
net/if_mib.c		standard
net/ppp/if_ppp.c		optional ppp
net/sl/if_sl.c		optional sl
net/sppp/if_spppsubr.c	optional sppp
net/sppp/if_spppsubr.c	optional i4bisppp
net/stf/if_stf.c		optional stf
net/tun/if_tun.c		optional tun
net/tap/if_tap.c		optional tap
net/vlan/if_vlan.c		optional vlan
net/net_osdep.c		standard
net/netisr.c		standard
net/radix.c		standard
net/raw_cb.c		standard
net/raw_usrreq.c	standard
net/route.c		standard
net/rtsock.c		standard
net/zlib.c		optional ppp_deflate
net/zlib.c		optional ipsec
netproto/atalk/aarp.c		optional netatalk
netproto/atalk/at_control.c	optional netatalk
netproto/atalk/at_proto.c	optional netatalk
netproto/atalk/at_rmx.c	optional netatalkdebug
netproto/atalk/ddp_input.c	optional netatalk
netproto/atalk/ddp_output.c	optional netatalk
netproto/atalk/ddp_usrreq.c	optional netatalk
netproto/atm/atm_aal5.c		optional atm_core
netproto/atm/atm_cm.c			optional atm_core
netproto/atm/atm_device.c		optional atm_core
netproto/atm/atm_if.c			optional atm_core
netproto/atm/atm_proto.c		optional atm_core
netproto/atm/atm_signal.c		optional atm_core
netproto/atm/atm_socket.c		optional atm_core
netproto/atm/atm_subr.c		optional atm_core
netproto/atm/atm_usrreq.c		optional atm_core
netproto/atm/ipatm/ipatm_event.c	optional atm_ip atm_core
netproto/atm/ipatm/ipatm_if.c		optional atm_ip atm_core
netproto/atm/ipatm/ipatm_input.c	optional atm_ip atm_core
netproto/atm/ipatm/ipatm_load.c	optional atm_ip atm_core
netproto/atm/ipatm/ipatm_output.c	optional atm_ip atm_core
netproto/atm/ipatm/ipatm_usrreq.c	optional atm_ip atm_core
netproto/atm/ipatm/ipatm_vcm.c	optional atm_ip atm_core
netproto/atm/sigpvc/sigpvc_if.c	optional atm_sigpvc atm_core
netproto/atm/sigpvc/sigpvc_subr.c	optional atm_sigpvc atm_core
netproto/atm/spans/spans_arp.c	optional atm_spans atm_core	\
	dependency	"spans_xdr.h"
netproto/atm/spans/spans_cls.c	optional atm_spans atm_core
netproto/atm/spans/spans_if.c		optional atm_spans atm_core
netproto/atm/spans/spans_kxdr.c	optional atm_spans atm_core
netproto/atm/spans/spans_msg.c	optional atm_spans atm_core
netproto/atm/spans/spans_print.c	optional atm_spans atm_core
netproto/atm/spans/spans_proto.c	optional atm_spans atm_core
netproto/atm/spans/spans_subr.c	optional atm_spans atm_core
netproto/atm/spans/spans_util.c	optional atm_spans atm_core
spans_xdr.h			optional atm_spans atm_core	\
        before-depend						\
        dependency      "$S/netproto/atm/spans/spans_xdr.x"		\
        compile-with    "rpcgen -h -C $S/netproto/atm/spans/spans_xdr.x > spans_xdr.h" \
        clean           "spans_xdr.h"				\
        no-obj no-implicit-rule
spans_xdr.c			optional atm_spans atm_core	\
        before-depend						\
        dependency      "$S/netproto/atm/spans/spans_xdr.x"		\
        compile-with    "rpcgen -c -C $S/netproto/atm/spans/spans_xdr.x > spans_xdr.c" \
        clean           "spans_xdr.c"				\
        no-obj no-implicit-rule local
spans_xdr.o			optional atm_spans atm_core	\
        dependency      "$S/netproto/atm/spans/spans_xdr.x"		\
	compile-with	"${NORMAL_C}"				\
	no-implicit-rule local
netproto/atm/uni/q2110_sigaa.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/q2110_sigcpcs.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/q2110_subr.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/qsaal1_sigaa.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/qsaal1_sigcpcs.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/qsaal1_subr.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscf_uni.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscf_uni_lower.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscf_uni_upper.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscop.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscop_lower.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscop_pdu.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscop_sigaa.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscop_sigcpcs.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscop_subr.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscop_timer.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/sscop_upper.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/uni_load.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/uniarp.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/uniarp_cache.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/uniarp_input.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/uniarp_output.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/uniarp_timer.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/uniarp_vcm.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/uniip.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_decode.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_encode.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_if.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_mbuf.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_msg.c		optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_print.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_proto.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_sigmgr_state.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_subr.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_util.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netproto/atm/uni/unisig_vc_state.c	optional atm_uni atm_core
netgraph/netgraph/ng_base.c	optional netgraph
netgraph/netgraph/ng_parse.c	optional netgraph
netgraph/async/ng_async.c	optional netgraph_async
netgraph/bpf/ng_bpf.c	optional netgraph_bpf
net/bpf_filter.c	optional netgraph_bpf
netgraph/bridge/ng_bridge.c		optional netgraph_bridge
netgraph/cisco/ng_cisco.c		optional netgraph_cisco
netgraph/echo/ng_echo.c			optional netgraph_echo
netgraph/ether/ng_ether.c		optional netgraph_ether
netgraph/frame_relay/ng_frame_relay.c	optional netgraph_frame_relay
netgraph/hole/ng_hole.c			optional netgraph_hole
netgraph/iface/ng_iface.c		optional netgraph_iface
netgraph/ksocket/ng_ksocket.c		optional netgraph_ksocket
netgraph/l2tp/ng_l2tp.c			optional netgraph_l2tp
netgraph/lmi/ng_lmi.c			optional netgraph_lmi
netgraph/mppc/ng_mppc.c			optional netgraph_mppc_compression
# The next two files (plus the header file net/mppc.h) are proprietary and
# must be obtained elsewhere in order to enable NETGRAPH_MPPC_COMPRESSION
netgraph/mppc/mppcc.c			optional netgraph_mppc_compression
netgarph/mppc/mppcd.c			optional netgraph_mppc_compression
netgraph/mppc/ng_mppc.c			optional netgraph_mppc_encryption
crypto/rc4/rc4.c			optional awi
crypto/rc4/rc4.c			optional netgraph_mppc_encryption
crypto/sha1.c				optional netgraph_mppc_encryption
netgraph/one2many/ng_one2many.c		optional netgraph_one2many
netgraph/ppp/ng_ppp.c			optional netgraph_ppp
netgraph/pppoe/ng_pppoe.c		optional netgraph_pppoe
netgraph/pptpgre/ng_pptpgre.c		optional netgraph_pptpgre
netgraph/rfc1490/ng_rfc1490.c		optional netgraph_rfc1490
netgraph/socket/ng_socket.c		optional netgraph_socket
netgraph/tee/ng_tee.c			optional netgraph_tee
netgraph/tty/ng_tty.c			optional netgraph_tty
netgraph/UI/ng_UI.c			optional netgraph_UI
netgraph/vjc/ng_vjc.c			optional netgraph_vjc
net/accf_data/accf_data.c		optional accept_filter_data
net/accf_http/accf_http.c		optional accept_filter_http
netinet/if_atm.c			optional atm
netinet/if_ether.c			optional ether
netinet/in_gif.c		optional gif inet
netinet/igmp.c			optional inet
netinet/in.c			optional inet
netinet/in_cksum.c		optional inet
#netinet/in_hostcache.c		optional inet
netinet/ip_gre.c		optional gre inet
netinet/ip_id.c			optional inet
netinet/in_pcb.c		optional inet
netinet/in_proto.c		optional inet
netinet/in_rmx.c		optional inet
netinet/ip_ecn.c		optional inet
netinet/ip_ecn.c		optional inet6
netinet/ip_encap.c		optional inet
netinet/ip_encap.c		optional inet6
netinet/ip_divert.c		optional ipdivert
net/dummynet/ip_dummynet.c	optional dummynet
netinet/ip_flow.c		optional inet
net/ipfw/ip_fw.c		optional ipfirewall
net/ipfw/ip_fw2.c		optional ipfw2
netinet/ip_icmp.c		optional inet
netinet/ip_input.c		optional inet
netinet/ip_demux.c		optional inet
net/ip_mroute/ip_mroute.c	optional mrouting
netinet/ip_output.c		optional inet
netinet/raw_ip.c		optional inet
netinet/tcp_debug.c		optional tcpdebug
netinet/tcp_input.c		optional inet
netinet/tcp_output.c		optional inet
netinet/tcp_subr.c		optional inet
netinet/tcp_syncache.c		optional inet
netinet/tcp_timer.c		optional inet
netinet/tcp_usrreq.c		optional inet
netinet/udp_usrreq.c		optional inet
netinet6/ah_core.c		optional ipsec
netinet6/ah_input.c		optional ipsec
netinet6/ah_output.c		optional ipsec
netinet6/esp_core.c		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
netinet6/esp_input.c		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
netinet6/esp_output.c		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
netinet6/esp_rijndael.c		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
netinet6/ipsec.c		optional ipsec
netinet6/dest6.c		optional inet6
netinet6/frag6.c		optional inet6
netinet6/icmp6.c		optional inet6
netinet6/in6.c			optional inet6
netinet6/in6_cksum.c		optional inet6
netinet6/in6_gif.c		optional gif inet6
netinet6/ip6_forward.c		optional inet6
net/ip6fw/ip6_fw.c		optional inet6 ipv6firewall
netinet6/in6_ifattach.c		optional inet6
netinet6/ip6_input.c		optional inet6
netinet6/ip6_mroute.c		optional inet6
netinet6/ip6_output.c		optional inet6
netinet6/in6_src.c		optional inet6
netinet6/ipcomp_core.c		optional ipsec
netinet6/ipcomp_input.c		optional ipsec
netinet6/ipcomp_output.c	optional ipsec
netinet6/in6_pcb.c		optional inet6
netinet6/in6_prefix.c		optional inet6
netinet6/in6_proto.c		optional inet6
netinet6/in6_rmx.c		optional inet6
netinet6/mld6.c			optional inet6
netinet6/nd6.c			optional inet6
netinet6/nd6_nbr.c		optional inet6
netinet6/nd6_rtr.c		optional inet6
netinet6/raw_ip6.c		optional inet6
netinet6/route6.c		optional inet6
netinet6/scope6.c		optional inet6
netinet6/udp6_output.c		optional inet6
netinet6/udp6_usrreq.c		optional inet6
netproto/ipsec/ipsec.c		optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/ipsec_input.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/ipsec_mbuf.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/ipsec_output.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/key.c		optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/key_debug.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/keysock.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/xform_ah.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/xform_esp.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/xform_ipcomp.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipsec/xform_ipip.c	optional fast_ipsec
netproto/ipx/ipx.c		optional ipx
netproto/ipx/ipx_cksum.c	optional ipx
netproto/ipx/ipx_input.c	optional ipx
netproto/ipx/ipx_ip.c		optional ipx
netproto/ipx/ipx_outputfl.c	optional ipx
netproto/ipx/ipx_pcb.c		optional ipx
netproto/ipx/ipx_proto.c	optional ipx
netproto/ipx/ipx_tun.c		optional ipx
netproto/ipx/ipx_usrreq.c	optional ipx
netproto/ipx/spx_debug.c	optional ipx
netproto/ipx/spx_usrreq.c	optional ipx
netproto/key/key.c		optional ipsec
netproto/key/key_debug.c	optional ipsec
netproto/key/keydb.c		optional ipsec
netproto/key/keysock.c		optional ipsec
netproto/natm/natm.c		optional natm
netproto/natm/natm_pcb.c	optional natm
netproto/natm/natm_proto.c	optional natm
netproto/ncp/ncp_conn.c		optional ncp
netproto/ncp/ncp_crypt.c	optional ncp
netproto/ncp/ncp_login.c	optional ncp
netproto/ncp/ncp_mod.c		optional ncp
netproto/ncp/ncp_ncp.c		optional ncp
netproto/ncp/ncp_nls.c		optional ncp
netproto/ncp/ncp_rq.c		optional ncp
netproto/ncp/ncp_sock.c		optional ncp
netproto/ncp/ncp_subr.c		optional ncp
netproto/ns/idp_usrreq.c	optional ns
netproto/ns/ns.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/ns_error.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/ns_input.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/ns_ip.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/ns_output.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/ns_pcb.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/ns_proto.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/ns_cksum.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/spp_debug.c		optional ns
netproto/ns/spp_usrreq.c	optional ns
vfs/nfs/nfs_bio.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_node.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_nqlease.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_serv.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_socket.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_srvcache.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_subs.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_syscalls.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_vfsops.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/nfs_vnops.c		optional nfs
vfs/nfs/bootp_subr.c		optional bootp
vfs/nfs/krpc_subr.c		optional bootp
vfs/nwfs/nwfs_io.c		optional nwfs
vfs/nwfs/nwfs_ioctl.c		optional nwfs
vfs/nwfs/nwfs_node.c		optional nwfs
vfs/nwfs/nwfs_subr.c		optional nwfs
vfs/nwfs/nwfs_vfsops.c		optional nwfs
vfs/nwfs/nwfs_vnops.c		optional nwfs
bus/pccard/card_if.m		standard
bus/pccard/pccard.c		optional pccard
bus/pccard/pccard_cis.c		optional pccard
bus/pccard/pccard_cis_quirks.c	optional pccard
bus/pccard/pccard_beep.c	optional pccard
bus/pccard/power_if.m		standard
dev/agp/agp.c			optional agp
dev/agp/agp_intel.c		optional agp
dev/agp/agp_nvidia.c		optional agp
dev/agp/agp_via.c		optional agp
dev/agp/agp_sis.c		optional agp
dev/agp/agp_ali.c		optional agp
dev/agp/agp_amd.c		optional agp
dev/agp/agp_i810.c		optional agp
dev/agp/agp_if.m		optional agp
dev/disk/amd/amd.c		optional amd
dev/netif/awi/am79c930.c	optional awi
dev/netif/awi/awi.c		optional awi
dev/netif/awi/awi_wep.c		optional awi
dev/netif/awi/awi_wicfg.c	optional awi
dev/netif/awi/if_awi_pccard.c	optional awi pccard
dev/video/bktr/bktr_core.c	optional bktr pci
dev/video/bktr/bktr_i2c.c	optional bktr pci smbus
dev/video/bktr/bktr_card.c	optional bktr pci
dev/video/bktr/bktr_tuner.c	optional bktr pci
dev/video/bktr/bktr_audio.c	optional bktr pci
dev/video/bktr/bktr_os.c	optional bktr pci
dev/serial/cy/cy_pci.c		optional cy pci
dev/netif/dc/if_dc.c		optional dc
dev/netif/de/if_de.c		optional de
dev/netif/en_pci/if_en_pci.c	optional en pci
dev/netif/lnc/if_lnc.c		optional lnc
dev/netif/lnc/if_lnc_isa.c	optional lnc isa
dev/netif/lnc/if_lnc_pci.c	optional lnc pci
dev/netif/pcn/if_pcn.c		optional pcn
dev/netif/mn/if_mn.c		optional mn
dev/netif/rl/if_rl.c		optional rl
dev/netif/sf/if_sf.c		optional sf
dev/netif/sis/if_sis.c		optional sis
dev/netif/sk/if_sk.c		optional sk
dev/netif/ste/if_ste.c		optional ste
dev/netif/ti/if_ti.c		optional ti
dev/netif/tl/if_tl.c		optional tl
dev/netif/vr/if_vr.c		optional vr
dev/netif/wb/if_wb.c		optional wb
dev/netif/wx/if_wx.c		optional wx
dev/netif/xl/if_xl.c		optional xl
dev/powermng/i386/intpm/intpm.c	optional intpm
dev/powermng/i386/amdpm/amdpm.c	optional amdpm
dev/powermng/i386/viapm/viapm.c	optional viapm
dev/video/meteor/meteor.c	optional meteor pci
dev/disk/ncr/ncr.c		optional ncr
dev/disk/sym/sym_hipd.c		optional sym				\
	dependency	"$S/dev/disk/sym/sym_{conf,defs}.h"
bus/pci/pci.c			optional pci
bus/pci/pci_compat.c		optional pci compat_oldpci
bus/pci/pci_isab.c		optional pci isa
bus/pci/pci_pcib.c		optional pci
bus/pci/pcisupport.c		optional pci
bus/pci/pci_if.m		optional pci
bus/pci/pcib_if.m		optional pci
dev/disk/simos/simos.c		optional simos
dev/powermng/i386/alpm/alpm.c	optional alpm
dev/misc/xrpu/xrpu.c		optional xrpu
emulation/posix4/posix4_mib.c	standard
emulation/posix4/p1003_1b.c	standard
emulation/posix4/ksched.c	optional _kposix_priority_scheduling
vfs/ufs/ffs_alloc.c		optional ffs
vfs/ufs/ffs_alloc.c		optional mfs
vfs/ufs/ffs_balloc.c		optional ffs
vfs/ufs/ffs_balloc.c		optional mfs
vfs/ufs/ffs_inode.c		optional ffs
vfs/ufs/ffs_inode.c		optional mfs
vfs/ufs/ffs_softdep_stub.c	standard
vfs/ufs/ffs_softdep.c		optional softupdates
vfs/ufs/ffs_subr.c		optional ffs
vfs/ufs/ffs_subr.c		optional mfs
vfs/ufs/ffs_tables.c		optional ffs
vfs/ufs/ffs_tables.c		optional mfs
vfs/ufs/ffs_vfsops.c		optional ffs
vfs/ufs/ffs_vfsops.c		optional mfs
vfs/ufs/ffs_vnops.c		optional ffs
vfs/ufs/ffs_vnops.c		optional mfs
vfs/ufs/ffs_rawread.c		optional directio
vfs/mfs/mfs_vfsops.c		optional mfs
vfs/mfs/mfs_vnops.c		optional mfs
vfs/ufs/ufs_bmap.c		standard
vfs/ufs/ufs_ihash.c		standard
vfs/ufs/ufs_inode.c		standard
vfs/ufs/ufs_lookup.c		standard
vfs/ufs/ufs_quota.c		standard
vfs/ufs/ufs_vfsops.c		standard
vfs/ufs/ufs_vnops.c		standard
vfs/ufs/ufs_dirhash.c		standard
vm/default_pager.c		standard
vm/device_pager.c		standard
vm/phys_pager.c			standard
vm/swap_pager.c			standard
vm/vm_copy.c			standard
vm/vm_contig.c  		standard
vm/vm_fault.c			standard
vm/vm_glue.c			standard
vm/vm_init.c			standard
vm/vm_kern.c			standard
vm/vm_map.c			standard
vm/vm_meter.c			standard
vm/vm_mmap.c			standard
vm/vm_object.c			standard
vm/vm_page.c			standard
vm/vm_pageout.c			standard
vm/vm_pager.c			standard
vm/vm_swap.c			standard
vm/vm_unix.c			standard
vm/vnode_pager.c		standard
vm/vm_zone.c			standard
dev/misc/streams/streams.c	optional streams
#
# USB support
bus/usb/usb_if.m		optional usb
bus/usb/uhci.c			optional uhci
bus/usb/uhci_pci.c		optional uhci
bus/usb/ohci.c			optional ohci
bus/usb/ohci_pci.c		optional ohci
bus/usb/ehci.c			optional ehci
bus/usb/ehci_pci.c		optional ehci
dev/usbmisc/ucom/ucom.c		optional ucom
dev/usbmisc/uvisor/uvisor.c	optional uvisor ucom
dev/usbmisc/uvscom/uvscom.c	optional uvscom ucom
bus/usb/usb.c			optional usb
bus/usb/usbdi.c			optional usb
bus/usb/usbdi_util.c		optional usb
#bus/usb/usb_mem.c		optional usb
bus/usb/usb_ethersubr.c		optional usb
bus/usb/usb_mem.c		optional usb
bus/usb/usb_subr.c		optional usb
bus/usb/usb_quirks.c		optional usb
bus/usb/hid.c			optional usb
bus/usb/uhub.c			optional usb
dev/usbmisc/ufm/ufm.c		optional ufm
dev/usbmisc/ubsa/ubsa.c		optional ubsa ucom
dev/usbmisc/uftdi/uftdi.c	optional uftdi ucom
dev/usbmisc/ugen/ugen.c		optional ugen
dev/usbmisc/uhid/uhid.c		optional uhid
dev/usbmisc/ums/ums.c		optional ums
dev/usbmisc/uplcom/uplcom.c	optional uplcom ucom
dev/usbmisc/urio/urio.c		optional urio
dev/usbmisc/ulpt/ulpt.c		optional ulpt
dev/usbmisc/ukbd/ukbd.c		optional ukbd
dev/usbmisc/umass/umass.c	optional umass
dev/usbmisc/umodem/umodem.c	optional umodem
dev/usbmisc/uscanner/uscanner.c	optional uscanner
dev/netif/aue/if_aue.c		optional aue
dev/netif/axe/if_axe.c		optional axe
dev/netif/cue/if_cue.c		optional cue
dev/netif/kue/if_kue.c		optional kue
dev/netif/rue/if_rue.c		optional rue
bus/isa/isa_if.m		optional isa
bus/isa/isa_common.c		optional isa
bus/isa/isahint.c		optional isa
dev/misc/joy/joy.c		optional joy
dev/misc/orm/orm.c		optional isa
bus/isa/pnp.c			optional isa
bus/isa/pnpparse.c		optional isa
#
dev/sound/isa/ad1816.c		optional pcm isa
dev/sound/isa/es1888.c		optional pcm isa
dev/sound/isa/ess.c		optional pcm isa
dev/sound/isa/gusc.c		optional gusc isa
dev/sound/isa/gusc.c		optional pcm isa
dev/sound/isa/mss.c		optional pcm isa
dev/sound/isa/sb16.c		optional pcm isa
dev/sound/isa/sb8.c		optional pcm isa
dev/sound/isa/sbc.c		optional pcm isa
dev/sound/isa/sbc.c		optional sbc isa
#
dev/sound/pci/als4000.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/cmi.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/cs4281.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/csa.c		optional csa pci
dev/sound/pci/csa.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/csapcm.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/ds1.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/emu10k1.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/es137x.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/fm801.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/ich.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/maestro.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/neomagic.c	optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/solo.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/t4dwave.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/via8233.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/via82c686.c	optional pcm pci
dev/sound/pci/vibes.c		optional pcm pci
dev/sound/usb/uaudio.c		optional pcm usb
dev/sound/usb/uaudio_pcm.c	optional pcm usb
#
dev/sound/pcm/ac97_if.m		optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/channel_if.m	optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/feeder_if.m	optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/mixer_if.m	optional pcm
#
dev/sound/pcm/ac97.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/ac97_patch.c		optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/buffer.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/channel.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/dsp.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/fake.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/feeder.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/feeder_fmt.c		optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/feeder_rate.c		optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/mixer.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/sndstat.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/sound.c			optional pcm
dev/sound/pcm/vchan.c			optional pcm
#
# These files in libkern/ are those needed by all architectures.  Some
# of the files in libkern/ are only needed on some architectures, e.g.,
# libkern/divdi3.c is needed by i386 but not alpha.  Also, some of these
# routines may be optimized for a particular platform.  In either case,
# the file should be moved to conf/files.<arch> from here.
#
libkern/arc4random.c			standard
libkern/bcd.c				standard
libkern/crc32.c				standard
libkern/cmpdi2.c			standard
libkern/ucmpdi2.c			standard
libkern/iconv.c				optional libiconv
libkern/iconv_xlat.c			optional libiconv
libkern/iconv_converter_if.m		optional libiconv
libkern/index.c				standard
libkern/inet_ntoa.c			standard
libkern/mcount.c			optional	profiling-routine
libkern/qsort.c				standard
libkern/random.c			standard
libkern/rindex.c			standard
libkern/scanc.c				standard
libkern/skpc.c				standard
libkern/strcat.c			standard
libkern/strcmp.c			standard
libkern/fnmatch.c			standard
libkern/strcpy.c			standard
libkern/strlcat.c			standard
libkern/strlcpy.c			standard
libkern/strlen.c			standard
libkern/strncmp.c			standard
libkern/strncpy.c			standard
libkern/strtol.c			standard
libkern/strtoq.c			standard
libkern/strtoul.c			standard
libkern/strtouq.c			standard
libkern/stack_protector.c		standard
crypto/blowfish/bf_skey.c		optional crypto
crypto/blowfish/bf_skey.c		optional crypto
crypto/cast128/cast128.c		optional crypto
crypto/des/des_ecb.c			optional crypto
crypto/des/des_ecb.c			optional crypto
crypto/des/des_setkey.c			optional crypto
crypto/des/des_setkey.c			optional crypto
crypto/rijndael/rijndael-alg-fst.c	optional crypto
crypto/rijndael/rijndael-api-fst.c	optional crypto
crypto/sha1.c				optional crypto
crypto/sha1.c      			optional crypto
crypto/sha2/sha2.c			optional ipsec
crypto/sha2/sha2.c     			optional crypto
net/zlib.c				optional crypto
opencrypto/cast.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/criov.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/crmbuf.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/crypto.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/cryptodev.c			optional cryptodev
opencrypto/cryptosoft.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/deflate.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/rijndael.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/rmd160.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/skipjack.c			optional crypto
opencrypto/xform.c			optional crypto
dev/crypto/ubsec/ubsec.c		optional ubsec
dev/crypto/hifn/hifn7751.c		optional hifn 
dev/drm/mga/mga_dma.c			optional mgadrm
dev/drm/mga/mga_drv.c			optional mgadrm
dev/drm/mga/mga_irq.c			optional mgadrm
dev/drm/mga/mga_state.c			optional mgadrm
dev/drm/mga/mga_warp.c			optional mgadrm
dev/drm/r128/r128_cce.c			optional r128drm
dev/drm/r128/r128_drv.c			optional r128drm
dev/drm/r128/r128_irq.c			optional r128drm
dev/drm/r128/r128_state.c		optional r128drm
dev/drm/radeon/radeon_cp.c		optional radeondrm
dev/drm/radeon/radeon_drv.c		optional radeondrm
dev/drm/radeon/radeon_irq.c		optional radeondrm
dev/drm/radeon/radeon_mem.c		optional radeondrm
dev/drm/radeon/radeon_state.c		optional radeondrm
dev/drm/tdfx/tdfx_drv.c			optional tdfxdrm
emulation/43bsd/43bsd_socket.c		optional compat_43
emulation/43bsd/43bsd_stats.c		optional compat_43
emulation/43bsd/43bsd_file.c		optional compat_43
emulation/43bsd/43bsd_signal.c		optional compat_43
emulation/43bsd/43bsd_exit.c		optional compat_43
emulation/43bsd/43bsd_resource.c	optional compat_43
emulation/43bsd/43bsd_hostinfo.c	optional compat_43
emulation/43bsd/43bsd_vm.c		optional compat_43
